We want to show you
how we integrated
reading and computer science.
♪
In today's performance,
I integrated computer science
with math, ELA,
social studies, science,
physical education, and dance.
The students were
really, really excited
about learning
about human rights
and they're also passionate
about computer science.
Math was used
when we counted steps,
counted the loops,
looked at the step by step,
and social studies,
'cause we're a community.
Let's all come together
and show everyone
how we can all get together.
So, today, my students
performed a showcase
of what my class is doing
in the classroom.
Showing other students
in the school
what computer science
can look like.
I want people to approach
computer science
as something that is accessible.
In computer science,
what we call that is a bug,
but for us, it's choreography.
I said to the students,
"This is not just choreography.
This is something
you've done before.
Now let's make it bigger and
find ways to create algorithms."
And the kids are learning
about loops
and how those things repeat.
It's about the vocabulary
for computer science
also coming through within
the dance and what that means.
Putting the concepts
into the students' bodies
helps with recall,
because it allows students
to process and to think through
what it is that they're doing
and why they're doing it.
If you notice, there were sports
activities that were in there,
so the students
were very active.
They got to see, "Wait a minute,
when I'm actually involved
in a sports activity,
computer science
is integrated with it."
I thought it would be important
to show the unplugged aspect.
Also for the students
to showcase
what they did with LED lights
and how they integrated that
in their performance.
So, I thought it was important
for the students to realize
that you can use computer
science in so many aspects,
and so I wanted them to know
that kinesthetically,
computer science
matters as well.
(clapping)
♪
So, today in reading,
we're going to explain
how authors
use reasons and evidence
to support their text.
I feel like wherever
our students turn,
whichever teacher they go to,
they're somehow using
computer science.
I'd like Kadija,
Elijah, and Isaiah
to go to the computer over here.
So we're going to be looking at
Promises to Keep
written by Sharon Robinson
about Jackie Robinson.
So we're trying to teach
the students,
how do you go about
convincing the reader
that your topic is important.
So we'll be looking at
what Sharon Robinson
had to say about her father,
Jackie Robinson,
and her text is actually
an informational piece.
And so, to put
computer science in there,
I want students to choose
any sport that they like
and create a project
in Scratch.
And you guys will be creating
a digital story
showing what type of barriers
you may have to face,
what type of goals
did you have to achieve.
It's gonna ask the boy what were
some of the barriers he faced.
-Okay, that's good.
-So let's log in.
I have the passwords up here
for Minecraft.
(indistinct conversations)
♪
And in social studies today,
we're using the Oregon Trail.
So, today I'd like the students
to go into Minecraft
and build a network
and work together,
and see how are they getting
along in the Oregon Trail.
So, when we talk about the pony,
what does that remind us
about the Oregon Trail?
That people had to travel here
by horseback.
Technology surrounds them,
they have it in their hands.
It's about being ready for the
future, being ready for life.
If you see a shot, don't think
that you can't make it
and always try to make the shot.
It's important for students
to be aware of computer science,
because they're already creative
on their own,
and computer science
is a medium for them
to express their creativity.
Students really love
computer science,
so it keeps them excited,
it keeps them motivated.
The attendance is high,
and they said,
"We can do this in class?"
I said, "Absolutely."
The students are really excited
to have
some ownership of their work
and to see computer science
come alive throughout their day.
Oh, there's a beautiful garden!
♪